All right, so now that we need to see how we can test the tool callings of our AI agent, and for that
we need to prepare the golden data set.
So I'm going to say preparing the golden data set for deep level a test case that we are going to be
creating.
Right.
That's what we are essentially going to do over here.
So in order to do that, I'm going to go and I'm going to say once again golden underscore data set.
It can be of any name.
And over here I'm going to start writing the array of all the data sets.
So basically the first one is going to be the question.
And I'm going to say what is the sum of two and four.
So for this particular question the answer is the expected answer that I'm looking for from the realm
is going to be the sum of uh, two and four is six, something like that.
And similarly, I'm going to have one more question over here, which is going to be this what is the
double of the two and four?
Then the answer is going to be this one.
And maybe I'm going to ask one more question over here.
So what is the what is two minus four.
Then it's going to be minus two.
So you can see that in all of these places we are going to be asking the question.
We're going to get the expected answer over here.
But the problem that we have over here is we are not telling which tool that we are going to be calling
itself.
So we need to check the tools being called along with this particular answer, because the expected
answer is not the important part over here.
The important part is which tool is being called.
That is, what is the quest for us to verify whether the agent is really invoking the correct tool for
this particular question?
Because as you see, when I say what is the double of two, it is going to invoke the multiply numbers
tool.
And this is the action that we have got.
And this is the parameter which has been passed over here like a as two and b as two.
So with this knowledge in place, the way that you can design the toolings over here comes a bit more
tricky this time.
This is where you need to learn this part.
Over here you can just say var deep eval dot test underscore case.
See these details are not unfortunately there in the documentation.
So far the documentation is quite poor.
So I just ended up doing a bit of a digging around how I can get through all this information.
So this is how I ended up creating the golden data set over here.
So over here you just need to give a parameter called as tool called.
And this parameter I mean it can be any name to be honest.
But over here in the tool called you need to create an array.
And then you need to call this tool called class.
And within this tool class tool called class you need to give the name as.
So for this one you can see that?
This guy.
This is going to be add numbers tool that we are going to be calling.
Right.
And the parameters that we are going to be passing for this particular uh so parameters it can be input
parameters or maybe uh yeah I think there is an input parameter.
So I'm going to choose the input parameter uh which is going to be this the value is going to be uh,
the input parameter which is going to be a is equal to two and b which is equal to a four.
That's what we are passing in right.
This is the input parameter that we are going to pass in for this add numbers.
So now you got the idea right.
This is what we are we really wanted to do in this particular place so that it could able to identify
things more easily.
And the same thing is going to happen for the tool calls for the multiplications over here.
Uh, just that this is going to be multiply numbers.
So it's just going to say multiply numbers tool is going to be invoked.
And this is the same thing that we are going to pass in.
And the same thing is going to happen for the, uh, for the subtract numbers, which is this tool is
going to be invoked if I'm not wrong.
So you want to keep things simple.
That's the reason why I just wanted to do, uh, in this operation over here.
So this is the subtract numbers.
We're just going to call this input parameters.
This is the multiply number.
This is input parameters.
And this is the add numbers.
It's going to have this input parameters.
So hope you got the idea.
So this is what is the golden data set that we are going to be creating.
And now we can just print the golden data set and see how it actually looks.
So you see that the Golden data set will have a tool called.
It also will have the name and input parameters.
And it's going to have the question and the expected answer.
So now that we have this golden data set, we need to convert this golden data set into the test case
format if you remember correctly.
So that is what something that we need to do so that we can push this to this, um, this confident
AI cloud using their evaluate.
But that is what is the procedure that we need to follow in order to make this happen.
So that is something we'll be doing in our next lecture.